feat: support scroll to center to single element and rename `setScrollToContent` (#3482)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README_NEXT.md

| getSceneElements | <pre> () => <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement[]</a></pre> | Returns all the elements excluding the deleted in the scene |
| getAppState | <pre> () => <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L37">AppState</a></pre> | Returns current appState |
| history | `{ clear: () => void }` | This is the history API. `history.clear()` will clear the history |

> | scrollToContent | <pre> (target?: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement</a> &#124; <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement</a>[]) => void </pre> | Center to the nearest element out of the elements supplied. Defaults to the elements on the scene. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scrollToContent | <pre> (target?: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement</a> &#124; <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement</a>[]) => void </pre> | Scroll to the nearest element to center out of the elements supplied. You can supply a single element or an array of elements. |
```

The param is mandatory here so removed the `Defaults to the elements on the scene` as it depends on the param passed

Also, it will be better to add a section `#### Scroll to content` and link here.

Author: Oh, you're right. I somehow lived under the impression I was defaulting to the elements on scene. Which I think we should, so I'll make it so?

Reviewer: Yep lets do that 👍🏻
